# Pascal Boilerplate for Application

A Free Pascal boilerplate project to build a Pascal based application.

## System Requirements

* Free Pascal

## Usage

Clone the project:

```shell
$ git clone https://github.com/opensourcedoc/pascal-boilerplate-application.git myapp
```

Move your working directory to the root of *myapp*:

```shell
$ cd myapp
```

Modify *Main.lpr* as needed. You may add or remove Pascal source files (*.pas*) as needed.

Compile the application:

```shell
$ ./build
```

Run the compiled program:

```shell
$ ./run
```

Set your own remote repository:

```shell
$ git remote set-url origin https://example.com/user/project.git
```

Push your modification to your own repo:

```shell
$ git push
```

## Build Configurations

### Debug Mode

Compile the application with runtime checks and debugging symbols enabled:

```shell
$ ./build debug
```

### Custom Compiler Flags

You can pass custom parameters to the Free Pascal Compiler by overriding the `FPC_FLAGS` environment variable:

```shell
$ FPC_FLAGS="-vwnh -Sew" ./build
```

## Linting Code

You can enforce linting by enabling the `-vwnh -Sew` flags when compiling your Pascal code. In this mode, Free Pascal displays all warnings, notes, and hints, but will only fail the build if a warning (or error) is encountered.

Since these compiler messages can be quite chatty for some developers, linting is disabled by default.

## Known Issues

While the format script automatically strips trailing spaces generated by `ptop`, minor formatting quirks may still occur. Please review your changes before committing.

## Copyright

Copyright (c) 2020 ByteBard. Licensed under MIT.